In the last video we got our application working on our local machine.
So remember, we're normally not going to run this on our local machine.
We just did it very quickly for testing purposes.
The other thing I want to mention very quickly is that we created two different component files and
we wrote them out as playing JavaScript, not TypeScript.
Next JS has support for TypeScript.
However, if we use it on this particular application, we would essentially be losing more than we
would be gaining.
So the React application we're building here is simple enough that using TypeScript would not really
give us a lot of benefits, but we would have to add in a lot more extra effort to annotate a ton of
types that are floating around.
In particular, we have to add in a lot of annotations for next JS.
And so to be honest with you, if we use TypeScript here, we would spend a decent amount of time just
trying to tell TypeScript about what was going on with next.
And that's not really a super great use of time inside this course.
So we're just going to keep it simple and use JavaScript instead.
We are still going to use TypeScript on all the backend services, however.
All right.
So with that quick disclaimer out of the way, we're going to focus in this video on making sure that
we can run our next application inside of our Kubernetes cluster.
So to do so, we need to make sure that we can build an image out of this client project.
We're going to set up a.
Deployment file inside of our info case directory and a couple other odds and ends here and there.
Let's first get started by making sure that we can build an image out of this client project.
Remember, any time we want to build an image, we create a Docker file.
So inside that client directory, I'm going to make a new file called Docker File.
Don't forget the capital D on there.
And then inside of here, we're going to write out some configuration or some steps very similar to
the one we did back over here for our ticketing application.
Or something for the auth service.
So we're going to write out from Node Alpine.
We'll set up a working directory of slash app.
We will copy over the package json file.
Into the working directory.
So don't forget the dot right there.
We will then run npm install.
We will copy over everything else inside of our source directory.
And then finally.
We'll set up a default command to run whenever a container is created out of this image of npm run dev.
Well, then save the soccer file and close it.
All right.
After that, we're going to also create a Docker ignore file inside the client folder as well.
Because remember, whenever we are building this image, we really do not want to include that node
module's directory.
Instead, we want the image to build up its own set of dependencies on its own.
We're also going to list out this dot next folder.
You and I did not create that folder.
Instead, it was created automatically by next when we started up the server on our local machine.
So inside this client folder, I'm going to make a new file called Dot.
Do not forget the leading dot on here.
Docker ignore.
And then inside there, I'm going to list out Node modules and Dot next.
Well, then save this and close the file.
Now just to make sure that we wrote out the Docker file and the Docker ignore file correctly, I would
like to try to build out this image one time on our local machine manually.
If you are using Kubernetes through Google Cloud, as I showed you how to set that up much earlier and
set this course, you do not have to do this little test build that we're about to run.
So again, if you are running Kubernetes on Google Cloud, you don't have to do this little test.
Otherwise, if you are running Kubernetes locally, let's flip on over to our terminal.
I'm going to find the window that I was running next JSON from the last video.
I'm going to stop that development server.
I'm going to make sure I'm still inside the client directory.
And then I'll do a Docker build.
I'll tag it as my Docker ID slash client and specify the current directory as the context for the build.
All right.
So it looks like everything was sent over correctly, or I should say the package JSON file was we're
installing a couple of dependencies and after that, the image should successfully be built.
Okay, so good start.
I'm going to take a pause right here.
We'll come back to the next video.
We'll make sure the image was built successfully and we'll start to set up a brand new config file to
deploy this next application.
And we'll also make a quick change to our scaffold config file as well.